conf/01_apt-notifier.conf                                         usr/share/apt-notifier/conf/apt-notifier.conf.d
conf/02periodic                                                   usr/share/apt-notifier
conf/51unattended-upgrades-config                                 usr/share/apt-notifier
conf/51unattended-upgrades-disable                                usr/share/apt-notifier
conf/51unattended-upgrades-enable                                 usr/share/apt-notifier
conf/lslocks-apt-notifier                                         etc/sudoers.d
conf/51unattended-upgrades-origins                                usr/share/apt-notifier
icons/share/icons                                                 usr/share
lib/actions/auto-update                                           usr/lib/apt-notifier/actions
lib/actions/updater_action                                        usr/lib/apt-notifier/actions
lib/bin/updater_config                                            usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_count                                             usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_list                                              usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_reload_run                                        usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_reload                                            usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_upgrade_run                                       usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/bin/updater_upgrade                                           usr/lib/apt-notifier/bin
lib/form/form.xml                                                 usr/lib/apt-notifier/form
lib/modules/aptnotifier_about.py                                  usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_apt.py                                    usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_autostart.py                              usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_autoupdate.py                             usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_config.py                                 usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_form.py                                   usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_help.py                                   usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/apt-notifier.py                                       usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_rc.py                                     usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_viewandupgrade.py                         usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/aptnotifier_xlate.py                                  usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/modules/notify2_0_3_1_latest.py                               usr/lib/apt-notifier/modules
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.auto-update-disable.policy    usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.auto-update-enable.policy     usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.basic-upgrade.policy          usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.basic-upgrade_run.policy      usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.full-upgrade.policy           usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.full-upgrade_run.policy       usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.reload.policy                 usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.reload_run.policy             usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/policy/org.mxlinux.apt-notifier.lslocks.policy                usr/share/polkit-1/actions
lib/shlib/updater_aptpref                                         usr/lib/apt-notifier/shlib
lib/shlib/updater_shlib                                           usr/lib/apt-notifier/shlib
license.html                                                      usr/share/doc/apt-notifier
LICENSE                                                           usr/share/doc/apt-notifier
LICENSE_notify2                                                   usr/share/doc/apt-notifier
scripts/1-quick-live-update                                       usr/share/apt-notifier
scripts/2-apt-compat                                              usr/share/apt-notifier
scripts/apt-history                                               usr/bin
scripts/apt-notifier_unattended_upgrades_dpkg_log_view            usr/bin
scripts/apt-notifier_unattended_upgrades_log_view                 usr/bin
scripts/apt-notifier-unhide-Icon                                  usr/bin
scripts/apt-notifier                                              usr/bin
scripts/apt.systemd.daily                                         usr/lib/apt-notifier
scripts/deartifact-xfce-systray-icons                             usr/bin
scripts/update-Origins-Pattern                                    usr/bin
xdg/apt-notifier-autostart.desktop                                etc/xdg/autostart
xdg/apt-notifier.desktop                                          usr/share/applications
translations_script/mo/am/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/am/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ar/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/be/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/bg/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/bn/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ca/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/cs/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/da/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/de/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/el/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/es/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/es_ES/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/et/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/eu/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/fa/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/fi/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/fil_PH/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/fil_PH/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/fr/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/fr_BE/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/fr_BE/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/gl_ES/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/gl_ES/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/gu/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/he_IL/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/he_IL/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/hi/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/hr/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/hu/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/id/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/is/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/it/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ja/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/kk/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ko/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/lt/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/mk/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/mr/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/nb/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/nb_NO/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/nb_NO/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/nl/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/nl_BE/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/nl_BE/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/pl/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/pt/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/pt_BR/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ro/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/ru/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/sk/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/sl/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/sq/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/sr/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/sv/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/th/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/tr/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/uk/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/vi/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/zh_CN/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/zh_HK/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES
translations_script/mo/zh_TW/apt-notifier.mo				 usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES
