usr/share/apt-notifier/1-quick-live-update                           etc/cron.daily/1-quick-live-update
usr/share/apt-notifier/2-apt-compat                                  etc/cron.daily/2-apt-compat
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-some-classic.png                      usr/share/icons/mnotify-some-classic.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-classic.png                      usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-classic.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-some-pulse.png                        usr/share/icons/mnotify-some-pulse.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-pulse.png                        usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-pulse.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-wireframe-dark.png               usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-wireframe-dark.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-wireframe-dark-transparent.png   usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-wireframe-dark-transparent.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-wireframe-light.png              usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-wireframe-light.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-none-wireframe-light-transparent.png  usr/share/icons/mnotify-none-wireframe-light-transparent.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/mnotify-some-wireframe.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/8x8/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                      usr/share/icons/hicolor/8x8/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                    usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                  usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                  usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/mx-updater.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/mnotify-some-wireframe.png                  usr/share/icons/mnotify-some-wireframe-pkexec.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg                      usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mx-updater.svg
